add path exclusions to python tests.yml workflow (#2263)
mandiant/capa: CHANGELOG.md

### Development
- CI: use macos-12 since macos-11 is deprecated and will be removed on June 28th, 2024 #2173 @mr-tz
- CI: update Binary Ninja version to 4.1 and use Python 3.9 to test it #2211 @xusheng6

> - CI: update tests.yml workflow to exclude web/explorer and Markdown files #2263 @s-ff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CI: update tests.yml workflow to exclude web and documentation files #2263 @s-ff
```
